.TH MLXDEVM 8 "28 Feb 2021" "iproute2" "Linux"
.SH NAME
mlxdevm \- mlxdevm tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
.ad l
.in +8
.ti -8
.B mlxdevm
.RI "[ " OPTIONS " ] { " dev | port " } { " COMMAND " | "
.BR help " }"
.sp

.ti -8
.B mlxdevm
.RB "[ " -force " ] "
.BI "-batch " filename
.sp

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR "\-V" , " --Version"
Print the version of the
.B mlxdevm
utility and exit.

.TP
.BR "\-b", " \-batch " <FILENAME>
Read commands from provided file or standard input and invoke them.
First failure will cause termination of mlxdevm.

.TP
.B \-force
Don't terminate mlxdevm on errors in batch mode.
If there were any errors during execution of the commands, the application return code will be non zero.

.TP
.BR "\-n" , " --no-nice-names"
Turn off printing out nice names, for example netdevice ifnames instead of mlxdevm port identification.

.TP
.BR "\-j" , " --json"
Generate JSON output.

.TP
.BR "\-p" , " --pretty"
When combined with -j generate a pretty JSON output.

.TP
.BR "\-v" , " --verbose"
Turn on verbose output.

.SS
.I OBJECT

.TP
.B dev
- mlxdevm device.

.TP
.B port
- mlxdevm port.

.SS
.I COMMAND

Specifies the action to perform on the object.
The set of possible actions depends on the object type.
As a rule, it is possible to
.B show
(or
.B list
) objects, but some objects do not allow all of these operations
or have some additional commands. The
.B help
command is available for all objects. It prints
out a list of available commands and argument syntax conventions.
.sp
If no command is given, some default command is assumed.
Usually it is
.B list
or, if the objects of this class cannot be listed,
.BR "help" .

.SH EXIT STATUS
Exit status is 0 if command was successful or a positive integer upon failure.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mlxdevm-dev (8),
.BR mlxdevm-port (8)
.br
