.TH MLXDEVM\-DEV 8 "28 Feb 2021" "iproute2" "Linux"
.SH NAME
mlxdevm-dev \- mlxdevm device configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
.ad l
.in +8
.ti -8
.B mlxdevm
.RI "[ " OPTIONS " ]"
.B dev
.RI  " { " COMMAND " | "
.BR help " }"
.sp

.ti -8
.IR OPTIONS " := { "
\fB\-V\fR[\fIersion\fR] |
\fB\-n\fR[\fIno-nice-names\fR] }

.ti -8
.B mlxdevm dev show
.RI "[ " DEV " ]"

.ti -8
.B mlxdevm dev help

.ti -8
.B mlxdevm dev param set
.I DEV
.B name
.I PARAMETER
.B value
.I VALUE
.BR cmode " { " runtime " } "

.ti -8
.B mlxdevm dev param show
[
.I DEV
.B name
.I PARAMETER
]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.SS mlxdevm dev show - display mlxdevm device attributes

.PP
.I "DEV"
- specifies the mlxdevm device to show.
If this argument is omitted all devices are listed.

.SS mlxdevm dev param set  - set new value to mlxdevm device configuration parameter

.TP
.BI name " PARAMETER"
Specify parameter name to set.

.TP
.BI value " VALUE"
New value to set.

.TP
.BR cmode " { " runtime " } "
Configuration mode in which the new value is set.

.I runtime
- Set new value while driver is running. This configuration mode doesn't require any reset to apply the new value.

.SS mlxdevm dev param show - display mlxdevm device supported configuration parameters attributes

.B name
.I PARAMETER
Specify parameter name to show.
If this argument is omitted all parameters supported by mlxdevm devices are listed.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
mlxdevm dev show
.RS 4
Shows the state of all mlxdevm devices on the system.
.RE
.PP
mlxdevm dev show pci/0000:01:00.0
.RS 4
Shows the state of specified mlxdevm device.
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mlxdevm (8)
.BR mlxdevm-port (8)
.br
