.TH dtestsrq 1 "November 15, 2016" "uDAPL 2.1" "USER COMMANDS"

.SH NAME
dtestsrq \- simple uDAPL send/receive and RDMA test with shared receive queue. \fB(SRQ)\fr

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dtestsrq
[\-vu] [\-P provider] [\-b buf size] [\-B burst size] [\-t burst num] [\-c connections] [\-p port] [\-S 0|1] \fB[ \-s | \-h HOSTNAME ]\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
dtestsrq is a simple test used to exercise and verify the uDAPL interfaces. 
At least two instantiations of the test must be run. One acts as the server 
and the other the client. The server side of the test, once invoked listens 
for connection requests, until timing out or killed. Upon receipt of a cd 
connection request, the connection is established, the server and client 
sides exchange information necessary to perform RDMA writes and reads.
This test support SRQ so all the connections will share the same Rx Q.

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
\fB\-P\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR
use \fIPROVIDER\fR to specify uDAPL interface using /etc/dat.conf (default ofa-v2-ib0)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR=\fIHOSTNAME\fR
use \fIHOSTNAME\fR to specify server hostname or IP address (default - none)
.TP
\fB\-b\fR=\fIBUFFER_SIZE\fR
use buffer size \fIBUFFER_SIZE\fR for RDMA (default 64)
.TP
\fB\-B\fR=\fIBURST_SIZE\fR
use burst size \fIBURST_SIZE\fR (default 1)
.TP
\fB\-t\fR=\fIBURST_COUNT\fR
use burst count \fIBURST_COUNT\fR (default 3)
.TP
\fB\-p\fR=\fIPORT_NUM\fR
use port \fIPORT_NUM\fR (default 45248)
.TP
\fB\-c\fR=\fICONN_NUM\fR
establish \fICONN_NUM\fR connections (default = 1, max = 100)
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, run as server (default - run as server)
.TP
\fB\-S\fR, use SRQ (default use SQR)
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, verbose output(default off)
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, run ud test (default no)
.TP
\fB\-l\fR=\fILID\fR
use \fILID\fR for server lid in ucm provider (default - none)
.TP
\fB\-q\fR=\fIQPN\fR
use \fIQPN\fR for server qpn in ucm provider (default - none)


.SH EXAMPLES

dtestsrq -P ofa-v2-ib0 -s -c 10
.PP
.nf
.fam C
     Starts a server process with 10 connections using provider ofa-v2-ib0.

.fam T
.fi
dtestsrq -P ofa-v2-ib0 -c 10 -h server1-ib0 
.PP
.nf
.fam C
     Starts a client process with 10 connections, using ofa-v2-ib0 provider to connect to hostname server1-ib0.

.fam T

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dtest(1),
.BR dtestx(1),
.BR dtestcm(1),
.BR dapltest(1) 

.SH AUTHORS
.TP
Arlin Davis
.RI < arlin.r.davis@intel.com >
.TP
Amir Hanania
.RI < amir.hanania@intel.com >
