.TH dtestx 1 "November 15, 2016" "uDAPL 2.1" "USER COMMANDS"

.SH NAME
dtestx \- simple uDAPL extensions test

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dtestx
[\-vmpqc] [\-u|\-U ep num] [\-P provider] [\-b buf size] \fB[ \-s | \-h HOSTNAME ]\fR 

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
dtestx is a simple test used to test extensions to the DAT API.
At least two instantiations of the test must be run. One acts as the server 
and the other the client. The server side of the test, once invoked listens 
for connection requests, until timing out or killed. Upon receipt of a cd 
connection request, the connection is established, the server and client 
sides exchange information necessary to perform extensions test.
.TP 8
Extensions tests are:
1. Post rdma write with immediate data
.br
2. Atomic compare and swap
.br
3. Atomic fetch and add
.br	
Note: In case -q is set only query test will run.

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
\fB\-P\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR
use \fIPROVIDER\fR to specify uDAPL interface using /etc/dat.conf (default ofa-v2-mlx4_0-1u)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR=\fIHOSTNAME\fR
use \fIHOSTNAME\fR to specify server hostname or IP address (default - none)
.TP
\fB\-b\fR=\fIBUFFER_SIZE\fR
use buffer size \fIBUFFER_SIZE\fR for RDMA(default 64)
.TP
\fB\-U\fR=\fIEP_COUNT\fR
use \fIEP_COUNT\fR to specify unreliable datagram test with \fIEP_COUNT\fR UD endpoints (default - none)
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, verbose output(default off)
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, query only test (default off)
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, unreliable datagram test (default no)
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, run as server (default - run as server)
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, run as client (for non UD tests, -h is always client)
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, print counters. Provide IA, EP, or EVD and call will print appropriate counters (default off)
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, multi ep. in ud test only. receive multi messages on single EP. (default off - receive one message across multiple EPs)

.SH EXAMPLES

dtestx -P ofa-v2-ib0 -v -s
.PP
.nf
.fam C
     Starts a server process with debug verbosity using provider ofa-v2-ib0.

.fam T
.fi
dtestx -P ofa-v2-ib0 -h server1-ib0 
.PP
.nf
.fam C
     Starts a client process, using ofa-v2-ib0 provider to connect to hostname server1-ib0.

.fam T

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dtest(1),
.BR dtestsrq(1),
.BR dtestcm(1),
.BR dapltest(1)

.SH AUTHORS
.TP
Arlin Davis
.RI < arlin.r.davis@intel.com >
.TP
Amir Hanania
.RI < amir.hanania@intel.com >

